README.md, before:

English | [한국어](README.ko.md)

## Contents

- [Oh My OpenCode](#oh-my-opencode)
  - [TL;DR](#tldr)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [For LLM Agents](#for-llm-agents)
  - [Why OpenCode & Why Oh My OpenCode](#why-opencode--why-oh-my-opencode)
  - [Features](#features)
    - [Hooks](#hooks)
    - [Agents](#agents)
    - [Tools](#tools)
      - [Built-in LSP Tools](#built-in-lsp-tools)
      - [Built-in AST-Grep Tools](#built-in-ast-grep-tools)
      - [Grep](#grep)
      - [Built-in MCPs](#built-in-mcps)
    - [Other Features](#other-features)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Author's Note](#authors-note)
  - [Warnings](#warnings)

# Oh My OpenCode

Oh My OpenCode

oMoMoMoMoMo···

If you work in tech, you likely appreciated [Claude Code](https://www.claude.com/product/claude-code).
If you are a hacker, you will fucking falling in love with [OpenCode](https://github.com/sst/opencode).

You don't write code just for a paycheck? You write because you genuinely love it?

To you, OpenCode will feel like the paradigm shift from Windows to Linux. Not you? It's still worth the investment. Give it 10 minutes. Your work and life will improve. I promise.

## TL;DR

- **Model Setup Required**
  - This plugin utilizes models from [OpenCode Zen](https://opencode.ai/docs/zen/), Google, OpenAI, and Anthropic.
    - For Anthropic models, use [OpenCode's built-in Claude Code Max Plan login](https://opencode.ai/docs/providers/#anthropic).
    - For OpenAI models, I recommend the [OpenCode-OpenAI-Codex-Auth plugin](https://github.com/numman-ali/opencode-openai-codex-auth).
    - For Gemini and GPT, use [VibeProxy (macOS Only)](https://github.com/automazeio/vibeproxy) or [CLIProxyAPI](https://github.com/router-for-me/CLIProxyAPI).
- **Truth be told, the rest is optional. Just install it. Once set up, no further learning is required. It simply evolves.**
- **Paste this document into Claude Code, OpenCode, or Cursor, instruct it to install, and ask for assistance if needed. It works seamlessly.**
  - If you are an LLM Agent, install the required plugins and dependencies, then run `opencode auth login` via tmux to assist the user with configuration.

## Installation

Add to `~/.config/opencode/opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "plugin": [
    "oh-my-opencode"
  ]
}
```

## For LLM Agents

<details>
<summary>For LLM Agents (Click to expand)</summary>

If you are an LLM Agent helping a user set up oh-my-opencode, follow these steps:

### Step 1: Verify OpenCode Installation

```bash
if command -v opencode &> /dev/null; then
    echo "OpenCode $(opencode --version) is installed"
else
    echo "OpenCode is not installed. Please install it first."
    echo "See: https://opencode.ai/docs"
fi
```

If OpenCode is not installed, guide the user to [OpenCode Installation Guide](https://opencode.ai/docs).

### Step 2: Configure oh-my-opencode Plugin

```bash
mkdir -p ~/.config/opencode

if [ -f ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json ]; then
    # Existing config: add plugin using jq or python
    if command -v jq &> /dev/null; then
        jq '.plugin = ((.plugin // []) + ["oh-my-opencode"] | unique)' \
            ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json > /tmp/oc.json && \
            mv /tmp/oc.json ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json
    else
        echo "Add \"oh-my-opencode\" to plugin array in ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json"
    fi
else
    # New config
    echo '{"plugin":["oh-my-opencode"]}' > ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json
fi
```

### Step 3: Verify Setup

```bash
opencode --version  # Should be >= 1.0.132
cat ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json  # Should contain "oh-my-opencode" in plugin array
```

> **Note**: If model authentication is needed, run `opencode` and use `/connect` command, or assist the user with `opencode auth login` via tmux.

</details>

## Why OpenCode & Why Oh My OpenCode

OpenCode is limitlessly extensible and customizable. Zero screen flicker.
[LSP](https://opencode.ai/docs/lsp/), [linters, formatters](https://opencode.ai/docs/formatters/)? Automatic and fully configurable.
You can mix and orchestrate models to your exact specifications.
It is feature-rich. It is elegant. It handles the terminal without hesitation. It is high-performance.

But here is the catch: the learning curve is steep. There is a lot to master.

Inspired by [AmpCode](https://ampcode.com) and [Claude Code](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/overview), I have implemented their features here—often with superior execution.
Because this is OpenCode.

Consider this a superior AmpCode, a superior Claude Code, or simply a specialized distribution.

I believe in the right tool for the job. For your wallet's sake, use CLIProxyAPI or VibeProxy. Employ the best LLMs from frontier labs. You are in command.

**Note**: This setup is highly opinionated. It represents the generic component of my personal configuration, so it evolves constantly. I have spent tokens worth $20,000 just for my personal programming usages, and this plugin represents the apex of that experience. You simply inherit the best. If you have superior ideas, PRs are welcome.

## Features

### Hooks

- **Todo Continuation Enforcer**: Forces the agent to complete all tasks before exiting. Eliminates the common LLM issue of "giving up halfway".
- **Context Window Monitor**: Implements [Context Window Anxiety Management](https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/context-window-anxiety-management/). When context usage exceeds 70%, it reminds the agent that resources are sufficient, preventing rushed or low-quality output.
- **Session Notification**: Sends a native OS notification when the job is done (macOS, Linux, Windows).
- **Session Recovery**: Automatically recovers from API errors, ensuring session stability. Handles four scenarios:
  - **Tool Result Missing**: When `tool_use` block exists without `tool_result` (ESC interrupt) → injects "cancelled" tool results
  - **Thinking Block Order**: When thinking block must be first but isn't → prepends empty thinking block
  - **Thinking Disabled Violation**: When thinking blocks exist but thinking is disabled → strips thinking blocks
  - **Empty Content Message**: When message has only thinking/meta blocks without actual content → injects "(interrupted)" text via filesystem
- **Comment Checker**: Detects and reports unnecessary comments after code modifications. Smartly ignores valid patterns (BDD, directives, docstrings, shebangs) to keep the codebase clean from AI-generated artifacts.

### Agents
- **oracle** (`openai/gpt-5.1`): The architect. Expert in code reviews and strategy. Uses GPT-5.1 for its unmatched logic and reasoning capabilities. Inspired by AmpCode.
- **librarian** (`anthropic/claude-haiku-4-5`): Multi-repo analysis, documentation lookup, and implementation examples. Haiku is chosen for its speed, competence, excellent tool usage, and cost-efficiency. Inspired by AmpCode.
- **explore** (`opencode/grok-code`): Fast exploration and pattern matching. Claude Code uses Haiku; we use Grok. It is currently free, blazing fast, and intelligent enough for file traversal. Inspired by Claude Code.
- **frontend-ui-ux-engineer** (`google/gemini-3-pro-preview`): A designer turned developer. Creates stunning UIs. Uses Gemini because its creativity and UI code generation are superior.
- **document-writer** (`google/gemini-3-pro-preview`): A technical writing expert. Gemini is a wordsmith; it writes prose that flows naturally.

Each agent is automatically invoked by the main agent, but you can also explicitly request them:

```
@oracle Please think through the design of this part and suggest an architecture.
@librarian Tell me how this is implemented — why does the behavior keep changing internally?
@explore Tell me about the policy for this feature.
```

Agent models, prompts, and permissions can be customized via `oh-my-opencode.json`. See [Configuration](#configuration) for details.

### Tools

#### Built-in LSP Tools

The features you use in your editor—other agents cannot access them. Oh My OpenCode hands those very tools to your LLM Agent. Refactoring, navigation, and analysis are all supported using the same OpenCode configuration.

[OpenCode provides LSP](https://opencode.ai/docs/lsp/), but only for analysis. Oh My OpenCode equips you with navigation and refactoring tools matching the same specification.

- **lsp_hover**: Get type info, docs, signatures at position
- **lsp_goto_definition**: Jump to symbol definition
- **lsp_find_references**: Find all usages across workspace
- **lsp_document_symbols**: Get file's symbol outline
- **lsp_workspace_symbols**: Search symbols by name across project
- **lsp_diagnostics**: Get errors/warnings before build
- **lsp_servers**: List available LSP servers
- **lsp_prepare_rename**: Validate rename operation
- **lsp_rename**: Rename symbol across workspace
- **lsp_code_actions**: Get available quick fixes/refactorings
- **lsp_code_action_resolve**: Apply a code action

#### Built-in AST-Grep Tools

- **ast_grep_search**: AST-aware code pattern search (25 languages)
- **ast_grep_replace**: AST-aware code replacement

#### Grep

- **grep**: Content search with safety limits (5min timeout, 10MB output). Overrides OpenCode's built-in `grep` tool.
  - The default `grep` lacks safeguards. On a large codebase, a broad pattern can cause CPU overload and indefinite hanging.
  - This tool enforces strict limits and completely replaces the built-in `grep`.

#### Glob

- **glob**: File pattern matching with timeout protection (60s). Overrides OpenCode's built-in `glob` tool.
  - The default `glob` lacks timeout. If ripgrep hangs, it waits indefinitely.
  - This tool enforces timeouts and kills the process on expiration.

#### Built-in MCPs

- **websearch_exa**: Exa AI web search. Performs real-time web searches and can scrape content from specific URLs. Returns LLM-optimized context from relevant websites.
- **context7**: Library documentation lookup. Fetches up-to-date documentation for any library to assist with accurate coding.

Don't need these? Disable them via `oh-my-opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "disabled_mcps": ["websearch_exa"]
}
```

### Other Features

- **Terminal Title**: Auto-updates terminal title with session status (idle ○, processing ◐, tool ⚡, error ✖). Supports tmux.

## Configuration

Configuration file locations (in priority order):
1. `.opencode/oh-my-opencode.json` (project)
2. `~/.config/opencode/oh-my-opencode.json` (user)

Schema autocomplete is supported:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/code-yeongyu/oh-my-opencode/master/assets/oh-my-opencode.schema.json"
}
```

### Agents

Override built-in agent settings:

```json
{
  "agents": {
    "explore": {
      "model": "anthropic/claude-haiku-4-5",
      "temperature": 0.5
    },
    "frontend-ui-ux-engineer": {
      "disable": true
    }
  }
}
```

Each agent supports: `model`, `temperature`, `top_p`, `prompt`, `tools`, `disable`, `description`, `mode`, `color`, `permission`.

Or disable agents via `disabled_agents`:

```json
{
  "disabled_agents": ["oracle", "frontend-ui-ux-engineer"]
}
```

Available agents: `oracle`, `librarian`, `explore`, `frontend-ui-ux-engineer`, `document-writer`

### MCPs

Disable built-in MCPs:

```json
{
  "disabled_mcps": ["context7", "websearch_exa"]
}
```

See [OpenCode MCP Servers](https://opencode.ai/docs/mcp-servers) for more.

### LSP

Oh My OpenCode's LSP tools are for **refactoring only** (rename, code actions). Analysis LSP is handled by OpenCode itself.

Configure LSP servers via `lsp` option:

```json
{
  "lsp": {
    "typescript-language-server": {
      "command": ["typescript-language-server", "--stdio"],
      "extensions": [".ts", ".tsx"],
      "priority": 10
    },
    "pylsp": {
      "disabled": true
    }
  }
}
```

Each server supports: `command`, `extensions`, `priority`, `env`, `initialization`, `disabled`.

## Author's Note

Install Oh My OpenCode. Do not waste time configuring OpenCode from scratch.
I have resolved the friction so you don't have to. The answers are in this plugin. If OpenCode is Arch Linux, Oh My OpenCode is [Omarchy](https://omarchy.org/).

Enjoy the multi-model stability and rich feature set that other harnesses promise but fail to deliver.
I will continue testing and updating here. I am the primary user of this project.

- Who possesses the best raw logic?
- Who is the debugging god?
- Who writes the best prose?
- Who dominates frontend?
- Who owns backend?
- Which model is fastest for daily driving?
- What new features are other harnesses shipping?

Do not overthink it. I have done the thinking. I will integrate the best practices. I will update this.
If this sounds arrogant and you have a superior solution, send a PR. You are welcome.

As of now, I have no affiliation with any of the projects or models mentioned here. This plugin is purely based on personal experimentation and preference.

I constructed 99% of this project using OpenCode. I focused on functional verification. This documentation has been personally reviewed and comprehensively rewritten, so you can rely on it with confidence.
## Warnings

- If you are on [1.0.132](https://github.com/sst/opencode/releases/tag/v1.0.132) or lower, OpenCode has a bug that might break config.
  - [The fix](https://github.com/sst/opencode/pull/5040) was merged after 1.0.132, so use a newer version.

Commit message:

docs: add Directory AGENTS.md Injector hook documentation
🤖 GENERATED BY [OPENCODE](https://opencode.ai/)

README.md, after:

English | [한국어](README.ko.md)

## Contents

- [Oh My OpenCode](#oh-my-opencode)
  - [TL;DR](#tldr)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [For LLM Agents](#for-llm-agents)
  - [Why OpenCode & Why Oh My OpenCode](#why-opencode--why-oh-my-opencode)
  - [Features](#features)
    - [Hooks](#hooks)
    - [Agents](#agents)
    - [Tools](#tools)
      - [Built-in LSP Tools](#built-in-lsp-tools)
      - [Built-in AST-Grep Tools](#built-in-ast-grep-tools)
      - [Grep](#grep)
      - [Built-in MCPs](#built-in-mcps)
    - [Other Features](#other-features)
  - [Configuration](#configuration)
  - [Author's Note](#authors-note)
  - [Warnings](#warnings)

# Oh My OpenCode

Oh My OpenCode

oMoMoMoMoMo···

If you work in tech, you likely appreciated [Claude Code](https://www.claude.com/product/claude-code).
If you are a hacker, you will fucking falling in love with [OpenCode](https://github.com/sst/opencode).

You don't write code just for a paycheck? You write because you genuinely love it?

To you, OpenCode will feel like the paradigm shift from Windows to Linux. Not you? It's still worth the investment. Give it 10 minutes. Your work and life will improve. I promise.

## TL;DR

- **Model Setup Required**
  - This plugin utilizes models from [OpenCode Zen](https://opencode.ai/docs/zen/), Google, OpenAI, and Anthropic.
    - For Anthropic models, use [OpenCode's built-in Claude Code Max Plan login](https://opencode.ai/docs/providers/#anthropic).
    - For OpenAI models, I recommend the [OpenCode-OpenAI-Codex-Auth plugin](https://github.com/numman-ali/opencode-openai-codex-auth).
    - For Gemini and GPT, use [VibeProxy (macOS Only)](https://github.com/automazeio/vibeproxy) or [CLIProxyAPI](https://github.com/router-for-me/CLIProxyAPI).
- **Truth be told, the rest is optional. Just install it. Once set up, no further learning is required. It simply evolves.**
- **Paste this document into Claude Code, OpenCode, or Cursor, instruct it to install, and ask for assistance if needed. It works seamlessly.**
  - If you are an LLM Agent, install the required plugins and dependencies, then run `opencode auth login` via tmux to assist the user with configuration.

## Installation

Add to `~/.config/opencode/opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "plugin": [
    "oh-my-opencode"
  ]
}
```

## For LLM Agents

<details>
<summary>For LLM Agents (Click to expand)</summary>

If you are an LLM Agent helping a user set up oh-my-opencode, follow these steps:

### Step 1: Verify OpenCode Installation

```bash
if command -v opencode &> /dev/null; then
    echo "OpenCode $(opencode --version) is installed"
else
    echo "OpenCode is not installed. Please install it first."
    echo "See: https://opencode.ai/docs"
fi
```

If OpenCode is not installed, guide the user to [OpenCode Installation Guide](https://opencode.ai/docs).

### Step 2: Configure oh-my-opencode Plugin

```bash
mkdir -p ~/.config/opencode

if [ -f ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json ]; then
    # Existing config: add plugin using jq or python
    if command -v jq &> /dev/null; then
        jq '.plugin = ((.plugin // []) + ["oh-my-opencode"] | unique)' \
            ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json > /tmp/oc.json && \
            mv /tmp/oc.json ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json
    else
        echo "Add \"oh-my-opencode\" to plugin array in ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json"
    fi
else
    # New config
    echo '{"plugin":["oh-my-opencode"]}' > ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json
fi
```

### Step 3: Verify Setup

```bash
opencode --version  # Should be >= 1.0.132
cat ~/.config/opencode/opencode.json  # Should contain "oh-my-opencode" in plugin array
```

> **Note**: If model authentication is needed, run `opencode` and use `/connect` command, or assist the user with `opencode auth login` via tmux.

</details>

## Why OpenCode & Why Oh My OpenCode

OpenCode is limitlessly extensible and customizable. Zero screen flicker.
[LSP](https://opencode.ai/docs/lsp/), [linters, formatters](https://opencode.ai/docs/formatters/)? Automatic and fully configurable.
You can mix and orchestrate models to your exact specifications.
It is feature-rich. It is elegant. It handles the terminal without hesitation. It is high-performance.

But here is the catch: the learning curve is steep. There is a lot to master.

Inspired by [AmpCode](https://ampcode.com) and [Claude Code](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/overview), I have implemented their features here—often with superior execution.
Because this is OpenCode.

Consider this a superior AmpCode, a superior Claude Code, or simply a specialized distribution.

I believe in the right tool for the job. For your wallet's sake, use CLIProxyAPI or VibeProxy. Employ the best LLMs from frontier labs. You are in command.

**Note**: This setup is highly opinionated. It represents the generic component of my personal configuration, so it evolves constantly. I have spent tokens worth $20,000 just for my personal programming usages, and this plugin represents the apex of that experience. You simply inherit the best. If you have superior ideas, PRs are welcome.

## Features

### Hooks

- **Todo Continuation Enforcer**: Forces the agent to complete all tasks before exiting. Eliminates the common LLM issue of "giving up halfway".
- **Context Window Monitor**: Implements [Context Window Anxiety Management](https://agentic-patterns.com/patterns/context-window-anxiety-management/). When context usage exceeds 70%, it reminds the agent that resources are sufficient, preventing rushed or low-quality output.
- **Session Notification**: Sends a native OS notification when the job is done (macOS, Linux, Windows).
- **Session Recovery**: Automatically recovers from API errors, ensuring session stability. Handles four scenarios:
  - **Tool Result Missing**: When `tool_use` block exists without `tool_result` (ESC interrupt) → injects "cancelled" tool results
  - **Thinking Block Order**: When thinking block must be first but isn't → prepends empty thinking block
  - **Thinking Disabled Violation**: When thinking blocks exist but thinking is disabled → strips thinking blocks
  - **Empty Content Message**: When message has only thinking/meta blocks without actual content → injects "(interrupted)" text via filesystem
- **Comment Checker**: Detects and reports unnecessary comments after code modifications. Smartly ignores valid patterns (BDD, directives, docstrings, shebangs) to keep the codebase clean from AI-generated artifacts.
- **Directory AGENTS.md Injector**: Automatically injects `AGENTS.md` contents when reading files. Searches upward from the file's directory to project root, providing directory-level context to the agent. Inspired by Claude Code's CLAUDE.md feature.

### Agents
- **oracle** (`openai/gpt-5.1`): The architect. Expert in code reviews and strategy. Uses GPT-5.1 for its unmatched logic and reasoning capabilities. Inspired by AmpCode.
- **librarian** (`anthropic/claude-haiku-4-5`): Multi-repo analysis, documentation lookup, and implementation examples. Haiku is chosen for its speed, competence, excellent tool usage, and cost-efficiency. Inspired by AmpCode.
- **explore** (`opencode/grok-code`): Fast exploration and pattern matching. Claude Code uses Haiku; we use Grok. It is currently free, blazing fast, and intelligent enough for file traversal. Inspired by Claude Code.
- **frontend-ui-ux-engineer** (`google/gemini-3-pro-preview`): A designer turned developer. Creates stunning UIs. Uses Gemini because its creativity and UI code generation are superior.
- **document-writer** (`google/gemini-3-pro-preview`): A technical writing expert. Gemini is a wordsmith; it writes prose that flows naturally.

Each agent is automatically invoked by the main agent, but you can also explicitly request them:

```
@oracle Please think through the design of this part and suggest an architecture.
@librarian Tell me how this is implemented — why does the behavior keep changing internally?
@explore Tell me about the policy for this feature.
```

Agent models, prompts, and permissions can be customized via `oh-my-opencode.json`. See [Configuration](#configuration) for details.

### Tools

#### Built-in LSP Tools

The features you use in your editor—other agents cannot access them. Oh My OpenCode hands those very tools to your LLM Agent. Refactoring, navigation, and analysis are all supported using the same OpenCode configuration.

[OpenCode provides LSP](https://opencode.ai/docs/lsp/), but only for analysis. Oh My OpenCode equips you with navigation and refactoring tools matching the same specification.

- **lsp_hover**: Get type info, docs, signatures at position
- **lsp_goto_definition**: Jump to symbol definition
- **lsp_find_references**: Find all usages across workspace
- **lsp_document_symbols**: Get file's symbol outline
- **lsp_workspace_symbols**: Search symbols by name across project
- **lsp_diagnostics**: Get errors/warnings before build
- **lsp_servers**: List available LSP servers
- **lsp_prepare_rename**: Validate rename operation
- **lsp_rename**: Rename symbol across workspace
- **lsp_code_actions**: Get available quick fixes/refactorings
- **lsp_code_action_resolve**: Apply a code action

#### Built-in AST-Grep Tools

- **ast_grep_search**: AST-aware code pattern search (25 languages)
- **ast_grep_replace**: AST-aware code replacement

#### Grep

- **grep**: Content search with safety limits (5min timeout, 10MB output). Overrides OpenCode's built-in `grep` tool.
  - The default `grep` lacks safeguards. On a large codebase, a broad pattern can cause CPU overload and indefinite hanging.
  - This tool enforces strict limits and completely replaces the built-in `grep`.

#### Glob

- **glob**: File pattern matching with timeout protection (60s). Overrides OpenCode's built-in `glob` tool.
  - The default `glob` lacks timeout. If ripgrep hangs, it waits indefinitely.
  - This tool enforces timeouts and kills the process on expiration.

#### Built-in MCPs

- **websearch_exa**: Exa AI web search. Performs real-time web searches and can scrape content from specific URLs. Returns LLM-optimized context from relevant websites.
- **context7**: Library documentation lookup. Fetches up-to-date documentation for any library to assist with accurate coding.

Don't need these? Disable them via `oh-my-opencode.json`:

```json
{
  "disabled_mcps": ["websearch_exa"]
}
```

### Other Features

- **Terminal Title**: Auto-updates terminal title with session status (idle ○, processing ◐, tool ⚡, error ✖). Supports tmux.

## Configuration

Configuration file locations (in priority order):
1. `.opencode/oh-my-opencode.json` (project)
2. `~/.config/opencode/oh-my-opencode.json` (user)

Schema autocomplete is supported:

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/code-yeongyu/oh-my-opencode/master/assets/oh-my-opencode.schema.json"
}
```

### Agents

Override built-in agent settings:

```json
{
  "agents": {
    "explore": {
      "model": "anthropic/claude-haiku-4-5",
      "temperature": 0.5
    },
    "frontend-ui-ux-engineer": {
      "disable": true
    }
  }
}
```

Each agent supports: `model`, `temperature`, `top_p`, `prompt`, `tools`, `disable`, `description`, `mode`, `color`, `permission`.

Or disable agents via `disabled_agents`:

```json
{
  "disabled_agents": ["oracle", "frontend-ui-ux-engineer"]
}
```

Available agents: `oracle`, `librarian`, `explore`, `frontend-ui-ux-engineer`, `document-writer`

### MCPs

Disable built-in MCPs:

```json
{
  "disabled_mcps": ["context7", "websearch_exa"]
}
```

See [OpenCode MCP Servers](https://opencode.ai/docs/mcp-servers) for more.

### LSP

Oh My OpenCode's LSP tools are for **refactoring only** (rename, code actions). Analysis LSP is handled by OpenCode itself.

Configure LSP servers via `lsp` option:

```json
{
  "lsp": {
    "typescript-language-server": {
      "command": ["typescript-language-server", "--stdio"],
      "extensions": [".ts", ".tsx"],
      "priority": 10
    },
    "pylsp": {
      "disabled": true
    }
  }
}
```

Each server supports: `command`, `extensions`, `priority`, `env`, `initialization`, `disabled`.

## Author's Note

Install Oh My OpenCode. Do not waste time configuring OpenCode from scratch.
I have resolved the friction so you don't have to. The answers are in this plugin. If OpenCode is Arch Linux, Oh My OpenCode is [Omarchy](https://omarchy.org/).

Enjoy the multi-model stability and rich feature set that other harnesses promise but fail to deliver.
I will continue testing and updating here. I am the primary user of this project.

- Who possesses the best raw logic?
- Who is the debugging god?
- Who writes the best prose?
- Who dominates frontend?
- Who owns backend?
- Which model is fastest for daily driving?
- What new features are other harnesses shipping?

Do not overthink it. I have done the thinking. I will integrate the best practices. I will update this.
If this sounds arrogant and you have a superior solution, send a PR. You are welcome.

As of now, I have no affiliation with any of the projects or models mentioned here. This plugin is purely based on personal experimentation and preference.

I constructed 99% of this project using OpenCode. I focused on functional verification. This documentation has been personally reviewed and comprehensively rewritten, so you can rely on it with confidence.
## Warnings

- If you are on [1.0.132](https://github.com/sst/opencode/releases/tag/v1.0.132) or lower, OpenCode has a bug that might break config.
  - [The fix](https://github.com/sst/opencode/pull/5040) was merged after 1.0.132, so use a newer version.
